I just told Xiaomi,
They agreed. Yes I do.
Sorry, I have a girlfriend.
What? Who is it?
Is it beautiful? First, you are much prettier.
Impossible, I'm much prettier.
Who. Difficulty first deputy daughter,
0 flesh and blood. What? You don’t have 0 flesh and blood.
Yes. If you are not 0 flesh and blood,
Well, I am used to self-catering.
Very long. You have made an arrangement with a golden man. Qing Dynasty
Okay, then it’s up to old Dong Han.
Let me go to the Qing Dynasty first.
Can WeChat be processed?
friends of our family
Excuse me
I never add my girlfriend
Why is the girlfriend except
Because I'm afraid they will attack my independence
Now I have an idea
You can learn how to find the way
His dad should finally promise me, right?